
Check the CRC value at the end of read...

Add more error codes.

Do more test. Currently use only with tested "friendly" archives.
inflate interface code needs most testing.

Sligthly More documentation. With the generation of man pages and
multiple pages for the website, it does already look acceptable.
It should still get better of course - kinda newbie friendly *g*

KNOWN PROBLEMS

The win32 compilers need each a different config.h derivate that
matches both the headers shipped with the compiler and installed
with updates of the SDK. There is no autoconfigure on win32 as
that - unless you install some unix tools along. So far, only
MSVC6 project files are shipped along for being used most often.

The sparc-sun-solaris2.* will utter warnings for "char subscript"
which is caused by isdigit() from ctype.h - this will NOT FIX as
it is only in the example source code and we want to keep those
lean and mean to make them easy to adopt by developers.

The hppa1.1-hp-hpux10.20 did show spurious problems of making
shared libraries - this may well fix with an update of the 
libtool package, the libtool 1.4 is dated 2001/04/24

There are spurious reports of users on win32 platforms that tell
of some problems with a specific zip file they have but it was
not possible so far to recreate an environment abroad to show
the problem too. One can not say if that is due some general
instability out of DLL hell, or if there is a bug hiding somewhere.
Please send all those zip files to the maintainer, perhaps it
can help to find the real cause (I doubt it is in zziplib, but..)

TESTED PLATFORMS
sparc-sun-solaris2.6/gcc2.95.3
sparc-sun-solaris2.8/gcc2.95.3
hppa1.1-hp-hpux10.20
i686-mandrake-linux-9.0/gcc3.2
i686-debian-linux-2.2/gcc2.95.2
i386-unknown-freebsd4.7/gcc2.95.4 (needs wrapwrap - autodetected)
powerpc-apple-darwin5.5           (needs wrapwrap - autodetected)
alphaev67-unknown-linux-gnu/gcc2.95.4 (that's a 64bit platform)
i386-ms-win32/msvc6
